GraphBuilder is an application that allows users to build bar graphs based on a number of inputs. These graphs are stored in an ArrayList and can be retrieved and deleted.

To run GraphBuilder, you need to install the following:

  Node.js
  JDK
  
Once these are installed, create a new folder in Visual Studio and open it

Once there, open a PowerShell Terminal and run this command: "git clone https://github.com/StefaniakChristopher/GraphBuilder.git"
This should clone the project onto your machine

To launch the web app, navigate to the "graph-builder" folder. This folder contains the Springboot backend.

Run this command: "./mvnw spring-boot:run"

Next, navigate to the "graph-builder-frontend" (careful, there are two of these folder, make sure you are in the inner one)

Run this command: "npm install"

Then run this command: "npm start"


To use the application, input data that you would like to be represented in a bar graph
The label of the input box corresponds to an area on the graph that is intially labled the same as the label for the text box
For the "Categories" and "Magnitude" input, enter your categories like this:

  Category1,Category2,Category 3,Category4

Where the categories are seprated by commas and having no space after and before the commas
The Magnitude input follows a similar doctrine, the only difference is that only number are allowed as input
For example:

  45,23,64,23
  
Decimal number are allowed but they will be rounded off, so the only numbers truly applicable are positive integers

When inputing these values, the first category you input will corresspond to the first magnitude you input, and the second category you input will 
correspond to the second magnitude you input and so on.

Here is an example with our current inputs

  Category1: 45
  Category2: 23
  Category 3: 64
  Category4: 23

TO RUN WITH KUBERNETES:

    Ensure the installation of the following:
      Minikube
      Docker
      Helm
      WINDOWS

  1. Start docker daemon

  2. Open powershell and enter "minikube start"

  3. Enter "minikube addons enable ingress"

  4. Navigate to the "GraphBuilderProject" folder and enter "helm install graph-builder ./Kubernetes"

  4. Enter "kubectl get pod --watch" (watch them grow up)

  5. Open another powershell terminal and enter "minikube tunnel"

  6. Ensure that "127.0.0.1 graphbuilder.com" and "127.0.0.1 api.graphbuilder.com" are both in the hosts file by entering "notepad C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts" in an administrator command line. They should be on their own seperate lines standalone without a "#" in front of them

  7. Navigate to "graphbuilder.com" on the web browser and have fun

  
Demo Video: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oeLMAB49enYbno6JUuurxQbWiEXbc9jq/view?usp=sharing
